Device memory.
This is available on some browsers.
Again, why is this important?
Just for the context.
You have more context.
It will give us the number
expressed in gibiytes, okay?
And it's giving just 1, 2, 4, or 8.
That's all.
For example, my Mac has 64, but it's not
going to give me 64 gigabytes of RAM.
It's navigator.deviceMemory.
Pretty simple.
So we go to navigator.deviceMemory, 8.
Let me show you that that's false.
It's 64.
Anyway, the idea is to
reduce fingerprinting.
So whoever wrote that part of the spec,
believe that having 8,16,
34, 64 from a web perspective
is just the same.
You don't need to know more details.
I didn't write the spec.
Don't look at me like that.
That's what the spec says.
So as of today, it will give you up to 8.
I mean, for WebGL or WebGPU apps, games,
yeah, that might be important, but anyway.
In this case, the idea is to actually
know when you are in a low-end device,
like an Android cheap phone.
And if that's the case,
you wanna reduce as much as possible
code execution client-side.
Okay, make sense?
That device, Save Data Flag.
So I mentioned before,
it's navigator.connection.saveData.
And for example, an Android, on Chrome
on Android, that's how it looks like.
So you will enable that in settings.
And if you enable that
then in JavaScript or
through HTTP clients hints,
you will get to your server the flag.
It's up to you if you wanna do
something or not about that.
Okay, that's Save Data.
So just a summary of this part of API's.
We can use all the API's
that I mentioned and
there are more I'm just giving
you like a quick rough idea.
To apply these reactive web
performance techniques, okay,
to serve better responsive images.
So now, the current device
has a device pixel ratio,
that's the resolution of four.
So it's four times the resolution
of a classic standard display.
Well, based on that,
you may wanna provide an image
that is four times by four times bigger.
So 16 times bigger,
unless you realize that the memory is
not good enough or
the latency is not good enough.
So it's not just about one data,
it's the mix.
The mix of information that will let
you have better conclusions about this.